README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# All Scientists’ Meeting - R Shiny Workshop

### Team led by [Gabe De La Rosa](https://www.gabrieldelarosa.com/), [Francisco J Guerrero](https://github.com/guerrero-fj) & [Nick J Lyon](https://njlyon0.github.io/)

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

This repository includes all of the content for the workshop entitled
**“[Shiny App for Sharing
Science](https://2022lterasm.sched.com/event/13kyO/22x053-shiny-app-for-sharing-science)”**
to be presented at the 2022 LTER [All Scientists’
Meeting](https://lternet.edu/2022-all-scientists-meeting/).

## Workshop Abstract:

Shiny applications are a powerful way to let users explore scientific
data in a curated environment. Shiny is a flexible platform that allows
users to create both intricate apps and simple interfaces for sharing
data with collaborators. After this workshop, attendees will be able to
(1) define the fundamental structure of a Shiny app, (2) implement
different user interface elements, (3) write and format useful labels
and headers, and (4) learn to partition Shiny app components to create
clean, concise, and easy-to-navigate apps. Workshop participants follow
a guided coding session to create a demo shiny app, with an emphasis on
creating an app to share and interact with scientific data. We will
leverage pre-written “example apps” to facilitate attendees writing
their own apps. Please bring a laptop computer. There will also be time
set aside throughout the workshop to discuss issues and share best
practices so whether you’re a veteran Shiny user or have neer heard of
it, we welcome your participation.

Commit message:

Embedded links to 'example app repo' in the website and README

README.md, after:

---
editor: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# All Scientists' Meeting - R Shiny Workshop

### Team led by [Gabe De La Rosa](https://www.gabrieldelarosa.com/), [Francisco J Guerrero](https://github.com/guerrero-fj) & [Nick J Lyon](https://njlyon0.github.io/)

<!-- badges: start -->

<!-- badges: end -->

This repository includes all of the content for the workshop entitled **"[Shiny App for Sharing Science](https://2022lterasm.sched.com/event/13kyO/22x053-shiny-app-for-sharing-science)"** to be presented at the 2022 LTER [All Scientists' Meeting](https://lternet.edu/2022-all-scientists-meeting/).

To supplement this repository, we have created a [repository to house all of our example Shiny apps](https://github.com/njlyon0/asm-2022_shiny-workshop-examples) that we'll be coding with you all in the workshop. You can visit that repository to use the apps that are embedded in the code chunks of this website (this saves you from needing to copy/paste each code chunk into a new script yourself).

## Workshop Abstract:

R Shiny applications are a powerful way to let users explore scientific data in a curated environment. Shiny is a flexible platform that allows users to create both intricate apps and simple interfaces for sharing data with collaborators. After this workshop, attendees will be able to (1) define the fundamental structure of a Shiny app, (2) implement different user interface elements, (3) write and format useful labels and headers, and (4) learn to partition Shiny app components to create clean, concise, and easy-to-navigate apps. Workshop participants follow a guided coding session to create a demo shiny app, with an emphasis on creating an app to share and interact with scientific data. We will leverage pre-written "example apps" to facilitate attendees writing their own apps. Please bring a laptop computer. There will also be time set aside throughout the workshop to discuss issues and share best practices so whether you're a veteran Shiny user or have neer heard of it, we welcome your participation.
